I lie there.	I lie theeere
Creation of a Phantom	Creatio of a Phantom
Figure in the Dark	FFFigure in the Dark
Lonely Way to Go	LLLonely Way to Go
Lists and lists and lists....	Lsts and lists and lists
Lists and lists and lists and lists	Lsts and lists and lists and lists
The Vampire Hooker	The Vampire Hookeeer
five, six, pick up sticks	five, six, pick up sicks
The Laundry Hamper	The Laundryyy Hamper
Forever engraved in these walls	Forever engraved in these wals
'til death do us part	'til deah do us part
Until death do us part	Until deathhh do us part
Location, location, location.	Locatio, location, location
Chinese Paper Doll	Chiese Paper Doll
What Goes Around, Comes Around	What Goes Around, Comes Arond
Just another camping trip	Just another caming trip
That tingling sensation.	That tingling senation
Putting Contacts In. 	Putting Contacttts In
Keep 'em Coming	Keep 'em Cming
Power Outage (first post here)	Pwer Outage (first post here)
The Open Window	The Open Wndow
At the Dog Fights	At the Dog Figts
She Was My Closest Friend	She Was My Cloest Friend
Scratch, scratch, scratch	Scratch, scratch, ssscratch
It Wont Let Me Leave	It Wont Let Me Leaaave
The Phone Line	The PPPhone Line
Through the window	Through the wwwindow
It only hurts...	It only hrts
It's ok, I'm only dreaming	It's ok, I'm only dreeeaming
One Summer At The Lake	One Sumer At The Lake
Let me explain...	Let me exppplain
I Shouldn't Have Looked.	I Shouldn't Have Looed
It's Not Your Fault	It's Not Your Faut
It's Not Your Fault 	It's Not Your Fauuult
In the Valley of the Flame Willow	In the Valle of the Flame Willow
Maybe it was a mistake...	Maybe it was a mistakeee
The Stable Boy	The Stale Boy
If You Blink...	If You BBBlink
Sweetie, I'm sorry...	Sweetie, I'm sory
your brain at work	your brainnn at work
Not Mine But I thought you Might enjoy 	Not Mine But I thought you Might enjjjoy
Alone in the Dark?	Aone in the Dark?
Obedience Unto Death, So Help Me God	Obediene Unto Death, So Help Me God
It wasn't the remote	It wasn't the remottte
Until the Wolf Howls	Until the Wolf Hows
But The World Was Still	But The Word Was Still
Regular or Decaffeinated?	Regulr or Decaffeinated?
Regular or Decaffeinated?	RRRegular or Decaffeinated?
Did you hear that...?	Did you hear that???
I like the summer	I like the summmmer
The Intimacy of Murder	The Itimacy of Murder
I'm Alone Now	I'm Aone Now
He's alone now. (POV switch)	He's aaalone now (POV switch)
I think my house is haunted. [True Story]	I think my houuuse is haunted [True Story]
Something Inside (first story)	Something Inside (first stoy)
Just a thought	Just a thooought
Listening to Voices	Listening to Vices
There was a knock....	There was a knok
Slender Figure (Changed title)	Slender Figurrre (Changed title)
They Didn't Expect	They Didn't Expct
The Storm Man	The Stooorm Man
Soon My Babies	Soon My Babie
Soon My Babies	Soon My Babieees
Soon My Babies	Soon My Babie
the one who killed 	the one who kille
Call me gorgeous then.	Call me grgeous then
Just a Quick Transaction	Just a Quickkk Transaction
The Light Next Door	The Liggght Next Door
The Taste of Fear	The Tste of Fear
My Friend Sally	My FFFriend Sally
Thoughts From A Cliff	Thoghts From A Cliff
Modern Fairy Tales	Modrn Fairy Tales
My Daddy is good at fixing things...	My Dady is good at fixing things
Knock, Knock, Knock	Knock, Knock, KKKnock
Do not answer the phone	Do not anssswer the phone
Change is good	Chang is good
Can't Catch a Break	Can't Catch a BBBreak
Polly wanna kill you	Polly wana kill you
Ted and The Voices	Ted and The Voiiices
Bite your tongue	Bite your tonnngue
Im always there.	Im always ttthere
Lonely walks can be the worst.	Lonellly walks can be the worst
Out of Control	Out of Conrol
Why Won't You Stay Dead?	Why Won't You Stay Dad?
Oh Lord, Save Britannia. 	Oh Lord, Save Briiitannia
Can't you feel them watching?	Can't you feel them watchinnng?
Happy Birthday, Mrs. Grossman	HHHappy Birthday, Mrs Grossman
Just Your Average, Everyday Monster	Just Your Aerage, Everyday Monster
Walking In Autumn	Walking In Autummmn
Party aftermath (POV switch.)	Pary aftermath (POV switch)
Till Death Do Us Part	Till Deathhh Do Us Part
But Words Will Never Hurt Me	But Worrrds Will Never Hurt Me
Drip, drip, drip...	Drip, dddrip, drip
The Mechanical Man	The Mechaaanical Man
Just a Dream	Just a Dreammm
It's Always the Little Things	It's Always the Littttle Things
When Opportunity Comes Crawling	When Opporrrtunity Comes Crawling
The Phone Call	The Phooone Call
Don't other to say thank you	Don't oher to say thank you
The Video Camera	The Vdeo Camera
The Stairs of the abandoned Asylum	The SSStairs of the abandoned Asylum
Music Box (poem)	Musssic Box (poem)
Never Trust your Eyes	Never Trusttt your Eyes
While you sleep. 	While you seep
Don't look into the forest.	Don't look into the foressst
Lying in White	Lying in Whiteee
The Strange Shack	The Srange Shack
It's Not My Fault, Right?	It's Not My Fauuult, Right?
False Pretenses (short story)	Falseee Pretenses (short story)
Tick, Tock, The broken clock	Tick, Tock,,, The broken clock
Tired of the same old, same old...	Tireddd of the same old, same old
Sister Mary Carol	Sissster Mary Carol
No ghosts actually, just me being jerk	No ghots actually, just me being jerk
the weeping woman	the weeing woman
Someone is Talking in His Sleep	Someone is Talking in His Sleeppp
Noises in the night.	Nises in the night
Where the Ground Ends and the Sky Begins	Where the Grond Ends and the Sky Begins
"I miss my grandmother."	"I miss my grandmothhher"
My sweet baby	My seet baby
My Little Girl	My Lttle Girl
The girl's chair	The grl's chair
Hum to the heartbeat	Hum to the heaaartbeat
I'm not afraid.	I'm not afrrraid
The sliding noise.	The sliding noie
Who are they?	Who are the?
Everyone deserves a second chance.	Everyone deseres a second chance
I need to explain	I need to explaaain
An expected guest.	An expected gueeest
I can explain	I can explan
The Other Side	The Oher Side
In the Woods	In the Woooods
Why I Don't Like Television (xpost from r/nosleep)	Why I Don't Like Telllevision (xpost from r/nosleep)
There's a gremlin in the closet...	There's a gremlinnn in the closet
curiosity killed...THE OWNER!	curiosiy killedTHE OWNER!
Are you Afraid of the Dark?	Are you Afrid of the Dark?
The figure in the window.	The figre in the window
Remember When You Were Younger.	Remember When You Were Yunger
Eugene Moran's Ballad	Eugne Moran's Ballad
Just like daddy	Just like dady
I'm so sorry	I'm so sorrrry
Dr. Joseph Rankle	Dr Joseph RRRankle
Witnessing the morning commute.	Witnessing the mornig commute
The great cat.	The greattt cat
Russian Roulette; An impromptu poem.	Rssian Roulette; An impromptu poem
Justin Bieber Kills Again!	Jstin Bieber Kills Again!
Please Delete This Post!	Please Delete This Post!!!
Waiting until Morning	Waiting until Morninggg
Confessions by Candelabra (poem)	Connnfessions by Candelabra (poem)
Please Delete This Post!	Please Delete This Post!!!
Mac n Cheese Dinner	Mac n Ceese Dinner
Footprints in the Snow	Footprint in the Snow
Footsteps on the porch	Footseps on the porch
i Am Aware	i Am Awaaare
Blood in the Water	Blod in the Water
Watching a scary movie	Watching a ssscary movie
Lost in exploration, not just his imagination.	Lost in explorationnn, not just his imagination
The sound of silence	The sound of sssilence
The fantastic light.	The fantaaastic light
Calm of the Night.	Calm of the Nght
He was there again	He was there agan
What Took Rebecca	What Took Rbecca
Alone? Think again.	Alooone? Think again
Letter from Dad	Letteeer from Dad
The Calm After The Storm.	The Calm After The Stooorm
Did You Like the Stew?	Did You Like the Sew?
The Erl-King Returns	The Erl-Kng Returns
The American jackal	The Amerian jackal
Through the peephole	Through the peephle
The Window - Allan Seager	The Winnndow - Allan Seager
Evacuation Is No Longer Possible	Evacuaton Is No Longer Possible
Following a butterfly	Following a butterfy
Noises When You Sleep.	Noiseees When You Sleep
Bernie Kills The Batman...	Bernie Kills The Batma
Pretty Little Things 	Pretty Littttle Things
She's a keeper.	She's a kkkeeper
Ignorance is Bliss	Ignorannnce is Bliss
Long Story Short...	Long SSStory Short
In The Woods, Dark and Deep	In The Woos, Dark and Deep
Little Open Window	Littttle Open Window
The school bus	The schoo bus
Stop calling me, please.	Stop calling me, pease
They're Getting Closer	They're Getting CCCloser
Up All Night	Up All NNNight
The Thing In The Woodpile (poem)	The TTThing In The Woodpile (poem)
The weather outside is frightful...	The weathhher outside is frightful
Suits you, sir.	Suis you, sir
She wanted to stay young-looking, and beautiful.	She wanted to stay young-lookig, and beautiful
The Tooth Fairy Scam	The Tooth Faiy Scam
Without The Glory	Without The Glooory
Miracles of Technology	Mircles of Technology
The Scab-Man (poem)	The Scab-Man (((poem)
Alone in the Shower	AAAlone in the Shower
Wonderful and Important	Wondeeerful and Important
Little Dmon In the Hallway	Littl Dmon In the Hallway
Only a Mother Could Love	Only a Moter Could Love
Your Money or Your Life	Your Mney or Your Life
House of Horrors	House of Horrrrors
The Smell in the hallway	The Smell in the hallwwway
The Lancelot Apartments, Birmingham Alabama	The Lanceeelot Apartments, Birmingham Alabama
Angel of God, My Guardian Dear...	Agel of God, My Guardian Dear
Don't Ever Ascend To Heaven	Don't Ever Ascend To HHHeaven
Feel the Music	Feel the Musssic
"I Need Some Milk, Too"	"I Need Some Milk,,, Too"
Honey, I'm home.	Honey I'm home
The enecS of the emirC	The enecS of the emiC
Just my imagination	Just my iiimagination
Studies on Solitude: or Optimism	SSStudies on Solitude: or Optimism
The mystery of the Roaring Cavern	The mystey of the Roaring Cavern
The Roaring Cavern	The RRRoaring Cavern
Naivety (sort of x-post from nosleep)	Naivety (sort of x-post from nosleeppp)
My Lovely Daughter	My Lovellly Daughter
Out of the Darkness	Out of the Darness
I don't like my doll, mommy...	I don't like my doll,,, mommy
Alone in a crowded room	AAAlone in a crowded room
We All Make Little Sacrifices	We All Make Littllle Sacrifices
Master Chef. First submission here!	Master Chef First submissssion here!
Dice with the Devil	Dice with the Devilll
God is great	God is gggreat
Back of the Truck	Back of the Tuck
Go back to sleep	Go back to sleeeep
The Curse of a Creative Mind	The Crse of a Creative Mind
The Cell Press	The Cell Preeess
First Encounter Team	First Encunter Team
Crying at night	Crying at nnnight
Crying in the night	Crying in the nnnight
The secrets of the soul.	The secreeets of the soul
The Night I Should Have Died	The Nigt I Should Have Died
What scares you?	What scaes you?
In the darkness, my thoughts scare me.	In the darknessss, my thoughts scare me
Children say the darndest things.	Cildren say the darndest things
The Sounds of the Night	The Souuunds of the Night
Make Him Happy	Make Him Hapy
Trust your brain.	Trut your brain
The blind man	The bliiind man
"Departure" By StupidDialUp	"Departure" By StupidDialU
Forest of Illusion	Frest of Illusion
Death Within A Smile	Deah Within A Smile
Madam, as your husband...	Madam, as your husbad
"The Green Monster" By StupidDialUp	"The Green MMMonster" By StupidDialUp
The longest mile	The lonest mile
"PEZ" by StupidDialUp	"PEZ" by StuuupidDialUp
We loved our little girl	We loved our lttle girl
"Imagination Is Fear"	"Imagination Is Fear"""
"Pressed Against the Glass" By StupidDialup	"Pressed Against the Glass" By StupiiidDialup
When the Levy Breaks	When the Levy BBBreaks
Picture on the Wall	Pictureee on the Wall
Something to picture in your mind	Something to pcture in your mind
One month tops.	One monthhh tops
Out of Character	Out of Charaaacter
"Crushing the Apple" By StupidDialUp	"Crushing the Apple" By StuuupidDialUp
"Harbingers of Death" by StupidDialUp	"Harbingers of Dath" by StupidDialUp
Insanity (contest submission by mucalling)	Isanity (contest submission by mucalling)
Insanity: I remember 	Insanittty: I remember
In and out of sanity	In and out of sanit
Insane, by "SolidHollow" 	IIInsane, by "SolidHollow"
The breath of life	The breat of life
INsanity (Late to the contest, but oh well)	IIINsanity (Late to the contest, but oh well)
Insanity - It just wouldn't die!	Insanit - It just wouldn't die!
We Live...A Tribute to the Insane.	We LiveA Triute to the Insane
Nietzsche's Disciple (contest submission for Insanity)	Nietzsche's Disciple (contest submissio for Insanity)
"A Forbidden Lust" By StupidDialUp	"A Forbidden Lus" By StupidDialUp
I Think You Should Know [insanity contest]	I Think You Should Know [insanity conteeest]
He's Even Leaving Posts! (Monitored, Evaluated.)	He's Even Leaving PPPosts! (Monitored, Evaluated)
I can still see her eyes, so blue.	I can still see her eyeees, so blue
"Chicken Coupons" By StupidDialUp	"Chicken CCCoupons" By StupidDialUp
White Walls [Insanity]	Whiiite Walls [Insanity]
March SSS Contest	March SSS Conest
Fun and Profit	Fun and Prooofit
The Monty Hall Problem	The Mony Hall Problem
Not Alone Anymore	Not Aloneee Anymore
Worst vacation ever	Worrrst vacation ever
What are friends for? 	What are friens for?
Cutting loose non-essential personnel	Cutting llloose non-essential personnel
SSS Website Update	SSS Websiiite Update
To Shield And Protect	To Shiel And Protect
Roommates are the Worst	Rommates are the Worst
The dangers of internet dating	The dangersss of internet dating
To Shield And Protect	To Shiiield And Protect
Fifteen Minute Warning	Fifteen MMMinute Warning
The Price You Pay	The Pice You Pay
The Phone Call	The Phooone Call
Waiting for the Light	Waiting for the Lighttt
Bitter Sweet Revenge	Biter Sweet Revenge
My Sweet Angel	My Sweet Agel
THE DEMON THAT CAME FOR DINNER	THE DEMON THAT CAME FOR DINNE
They have plans.	They have plas
The Third Possibility	The Thid Possibility
The demon that came for dinner	The dmon that came for dinner
Through the Window [x-post/nosleep]	Through the Windooow [x-post/nosleep]
Now I remember	Now I rememer
It's Just Your Imagination	It's Just Your Imagiation
Just one drink	Just one dddrink
Just one drink	Just one drinkkk
Just one drink	Just one dddrink
Just one drink	Just one dink
All Firemen Are Heroes	All Firemn Are Heroes
The Impeccable Aim of a Badass Ninja	The Impccable Aim of a Badass Ninja
The Greener the Grass	The Greener the Gass
The Things We Ignore	The TTThings We Ignore
Alone at night	Aone at night
Misinformation and the folly of youth	Misssinformation and the folly of youth
Life, Liberty and Pursuit of Happiness	Lif, Liberty and Pursuit of Happiness
Under The Rubble, A Light	Under The Rubbllle, A Light
To Ponder is to Question is to Welcome	To Poner is to Question is to Welcome
I saw them sleeping	I saw them sleeeeping
Stuck in the middle	Stuck in the middddle
An Impossible Choice	An Impossibl Choice
I am the firestarter	I am the firestater
World of Torment	WWWorld of Torment
I heard something downstairs...	I heard something downstaaairs
The things I cannot talk about.	The thing I cannot talk about
Lost in Space	Lost in Sace
Timing is Everything	Tming is Everything
They come at night..	They come at nght
The Burmese Incident	The BBBurmese Incident
The Secret Lives of Trash Cans	The Secret Livs of Trash Cans
The Light is Blinding	The LLLight is Blinding
I was wrong	I was wrog
An Environmentally Sound Method of Travel	An Environmentally Sound Method of Trave
I Don't Understand	I Don't Understan
It does not. It is for eternity.	It does not It is for eternnnity
Everything and Anything	Everything and Anythin
The Devils Terms	The Dvils Terms
The Devil's Terms	The Devil's Ters
All in and excuses	All in and ecuses
Central Air Conditioning	Centrrral Air Conditioning
Central Air Conditioning	Cenral Air Conditioning
The Richest Man in the World	The RRRichest Man in the World
An Artist's Resentment	An Atist's Resentment
Tales from a security guard	Talesss from a security guard
The strange case of Nancy and Non-see	The strangeee case of Nancy and Non-see
An Innocent Invitation	An Innocccent Invitation
Centers of Attention	CCCenters of Attention
Am I really dreaming?	Am I really dddreaming?
Never Saying Goodbye Is Better	Never Saying Goodbye Is Bette
Turn off your computer and go to sleep.	Turn off your compute and go to sleep
Thanks for the message, Earth.	Tanks for the message, Earth
Killed by Cliche	Killed by CCCliche
Bones of Scattering Light	BBBones of Scattering Light
Meeting of the seven	MMMeeting of the seven
The Price to Fame	The Pice to Fame
Beautiful Night Sky	Beautttiful Night Sky
International Fear Festival	Internationl Fear Festival
In the brambles	In the brambbbles
The Bathroom Guardian	The Bthroom Guardian
I am not afraid to go outside anymore.	I am not afrai to go outside anymore
Alone Atop a Hill	AAAlone Atop a Hill
This is the Fourth Night.	This is the Fouth Night
There it was again	There it was agaaain
My Final Shot	My Fnal Shot
The Finest Taste	The Finst Taste
Photographs (short version of a r/nosleep story)	Photographsss (short version of a r/nosleep story)
Let The Hand Do The Working	Let The Hand Do The WWWorking
I regret nothing.	I regret nothinggg
Am I immortal?	Am I immorta?
My Brother's Friend	My Broher's Friend
'Out of Body' Experience	'Out of Bod' Experience
That which follows	That which follllows
Of objects passed on...	Of ooobjects passed on
Mother of Invention	Mothe of Invention
Motion Is Impossible	Moton Is Impossible
Reservation For Two	Reservaaation For Two
École De Miroirs	École De Mirirs
The Seeds of Chaos	The Seeeeds of Chaos
When No One's Watching	When No One's Watchinnng
First post: Someday...	First post: Somedayyy
You are (not) alone	You are (not) aloe
The Pusher's Fall	The Psher's Fall
An Ending Peace (X-Post)	An Ending Peae (X-Post)
The Summer Breeze	The Summmmer Breeze
Reasoning With Addiction	Reasoning With Addictin
Scary things happen here all the time.	Scay things happen here all the time
Stories are written by characters	Storis are written by characters
Drugs are Bad	Dugs are Bad
Fresh Food Just Tastes Better	Freshhh Food Just Tastes Better
Question: Unspoken Rule?	Quetion: Unspoken Rule?
Fresh Food Just Tastes Better	FFFresh Food Just Tastes Better
The Darkness: An Explenation	The Darrrkness: An Explenation
The Darkness: An Explanation	The Darknessss: An Explanation
The Forbidden Replay	The Forbidden Repla
Into The Abyss	Into The Abys
My Private Demon	My Privaaate Demon
Not since the accident	Not since the acident
Happy Mother's Day	Hapy Mother's Day
Who are they?	Who are they???
An expected guest.	An expected guet
Hum to the heartbeat.	Hum to the heartbeattt
The night was dark...	The nght was dark
Pretending nothing is happening	PPPretending nothing is happening
Little Red Riding Hood	Littl Red Riding Hood
Hell has cable	Hell has cabbble
Simple Life Hacks	SSSimple Life Hacks
Meanwhile, At the Dentist...	Meanwhile, At the Dentisttt
Granny's on her deathbed	Granny's on her deathbeeed
don't go outside	don't go outsideee
The Midnight After	The Mdnight After
She doesn't notice	She doesn't notic
Our Child (Trigger Warning)	Our CCChild (Trigger Warning)
The Clues of a Failed Marriage	The CCClues of a Failed Marriage
My reflection's spare time	My rrreflection's spare time
Ghosts In The Forest	Ghooosts In The Forest
Ghosts In The Forest	Ghosttts In The Forest
I Can Be Your Leatherface, Baby	I Can Be Your Latherface, Baby
Havin' a Drink With Jesus	Havin' a Drink With Jsus
For Whom the Bell Tolls	For Whom the Bell Tols
"A Million Fragments of the Shattered Moon..."	"A Million Fagments of the Shattered Moon"
Mirror, mirror on the wall.	Mirror, mirrrror on the wall
I'm sorry Mommy	I'm sorry Momy
Merlins Marvelous Magic Show	Merlinsss Marvelous Magic Show
Tonight's Dream (The Story)	Tonight's DDDream (The Story)
Dancing the Jitterbug	Dncing the Jitterbug
Go visit /r/shortscarystoriesOOC [Story Included]	Go visit /r/shortscarystoriesOOC [Story Incccluded]
The devils dirty work	The dddevils dirty work
Gary and the Window	Gary and the Windooow
Gary and His Window	Gary and His Winow
What about Breakfast at Tiffany's?	What about Beakfast at Tiffany's?
You Can't Scream In Nightmares	You Can't Scream In Nightares
Always listen to mother	Always listen to mothe
So I lost my phone...	So I lost my phoe
Sing me a lullaby	Sing me a lllaby
The Covers Are Nice	The Coverrrs Are Nice
Lock the Closet	Lock the Cloet
The Question of Existence	The Questio of Existence
The Thing in the Field	The Thiiing in the Field
My first horror story	My first horrooor story
The One Minute War	The One MMMinute War
Pawing at the Window	Pawing at the Windooow
Prosperity and beauty	PPProsperity and beauty
I am tired	I am tireddd
What Are You Listening To These Days?	What Are You Listening To These Day?
The Making Police	The Making Polce
I Just Want to be Whole Again	I Just Want to be Wole Again
Tears in her eyes	Tars in her eyes
Everything in its right place	Everything in its right placeee
The closet door	The closeeet door
Traveling should be optional	Traveling should be optttional
The Endless Drama	The Endddless Drama
The Cosmic Drama	The Cosssmic Drama
The Monster Outside	The MMMonster Outside
Darkness and the sound of birds	Darknss and the sound of birds
The Hall of Mirrors	The Hall of Mirrorsss
The Ghost That Haunts You	The Ghosttt That Haunts You
What Scares Me	What Scare Me
Power, but at what cost?	Powr, but at what cost?
My Guardian Angel	My Guadian Angel
My Greatest Enemy	My Greatttest Enemy
It's all in the numbers	It's all in the nummmbers
The Flaming Screams	The Flaming SSScreams
That Dreaded Moment	That Dreaded Mment
The Other Man	The OOOther Man
"Mommy, can I have a pony?"	"Mommy, can I have a pon?"
Just One Silent Night.	Just One Slent Night
The Danger and Cruelty of Hope	The DDDanger and Cruelty of Hope
And the light goes off	And the lighttt goes off
Carry That Weight	Carry That Weighhht
One Little Detail	One Littl Detail
Munchausen by Proxy	Munchausen by Proxyyy
Dizzy Miss Lizzy	Dizzy Miss Lizzzzy
Hell is other people	Hell is othr people
How about coffee?	How about coffee???
Submerged (inspired by a dream)	Submerged (inspired by a dreammm)
Beatles Challenge: I've Just Seen A Face	Batles Challenge: I've Just Seen A Face
I Don't Want To Spoil The Party	I Don't Want To Spoil The PPParty
I'm Only Sleeping	I'm Only Sleping
Please Be Alive	Please Be AAAlive
I'm Psychic and I Want to Die	I'm Psychiccc and I Want to Die
The String-Bellied Man	The String-Belied Man
Like a house of cards.	Like a hhhouse of cards
Coulrophobia (Possible Trigger Warning)	Coulrophobia (Possible Triger Warning)
My Sweet Little Child	My Sweet Lttle Child
I'm a house.	I'm a houe
Thanks for Stopping	Thaks for Stopping
One in the chamber	One in the chambr
My basement, my prison, my home	My basemnt, my prison, my home
Just Keep Still	Just Keep SSStill
The Zombie War	The Zomie War
My cousin's encounter with the unexplainable.	My couuusin's encounter with the unexplainable
Every Night, Eyes Closed Tight	Every Nght, Eyes Closed Tight
Help me with this strange nightmare, please!	Help me with this ssstrange nightmare, please!
The Night Game	The Nighttt Game
Fancy a Swim?	Fancyyy a Swim?
Love's keen sting	Lve's keen sting
The Perfect Sandwich	The Perfect SSSandwich
My girlfriend used to hit me.	My girlfrien used to hit me
The other side.	The otherrr side
Three's a Party	Three's a Parrrty
My friend is different.	My fffriend is different
I saw something horrible	I saw something horribl
Wondering in the woods	Wondering in the woodsss
Allow me to introduce myself.	Allow me to introduce mself
Short love story I.	Shot love story I
Two Riders Were Approaching	Two RRRiders Were Approaching
My little Snowy	My litle Snowy
They told me my family was dead...	They told me my fffamily was dead
My Parents are Impostors	My Parens are Impostors
When the Dream is Over [NSFWish]	When the Dreammm is Over [NSFWish]
Caution on the Coast	Cautin on the Coast
The Gambling Hour	The Gammmbling Hour
Friend in Need	FFFriend in Need
Let the bodies hit the floor.	Let the bodddies hit the floor
"Enjoy your stay"	"Enjoy your sta"
In the Steamy Graveyard	In the Steamy Graveyarddd
The Old Widow	The Old Widddow
Mother and Daughter	Mothe and Daughter
This shouldn't scare me so much	This shouldn't ssscare me so much
Caution on the Coast	Cauuution on the Coast
The truth will set you free.	The tttruth will set you free
The phone rang. Again.	The ppphone rang Again
My Favorite Star	My Favorrrite Star
astronomy without a telescope	astroomy without a telescope
Your Little Sun	Your Littl Sun
The Sounds of Silence	The Sounddds of Silence
Which do you choose?	Which do you choossse?
He Stood Against My Window	He Stood Against My Winow
The Devil is a Crafty One	The Devilll is a Crafty One
Be careful what you wish for.	Be carefl what you wish for
astronomy without a telescope	astroomy without a telescope
On the Ceiling	On the Ciling
The Ghosts of the War	The Ghooosts of the War
Until the Door Opens	Until the Door Opes
To miss a nightmare	To miss a nightmae
What the Farmer Saw	What the Farer Saw
You Want To Know What I Think?	You Want To Know What I Thiiink?
Ghost in the Machine	Ghot in the Machine
People are strange	Peooople are strange
People Don't Understand Me	Peooople Don't Understand Me
The Kitchen Killer.	The Kitchen Kille
The Flickering Lights of Times Square	The Flickering Light of Times Square
The Spiders Lullaby	The Spideeers Lullaby
The Final Sin	The Fnal Sin
Every Parent's Worst Nightmare	Every PPParent's Worst Nightmare
The Devil And Mr. Manciotti	The Devl And Mr Manciotti
The Growing Drakness	The Growing Draknessss
astronomy without a telescope	astronoy without a telescope
The Bermuda Triangle	The Bermuda Triangl
They Call It The Machine	They Call It The Machie
Please go to sleep little darling.	Please go to slep little darling
The Policeman's wife	The Policcceman's wife
When Do You Open the Door Again?	When Do You Open the Door Againnn?
All He Wants	All He Wnts
The lonely child	The lonly child
without a telescope	without a tlescope
The Magic Heart	The Magiccc Heart
Stroke, Arrest, and Eternity	Sroke, Arrest, and Eternity
The little girl	The litle girl
My lover is beautiful	My lovvver is beautiful
The Black Lagoon	The Blaaack Lagoon
Julia and Emily	Julia and Emilyyy
An Education in Terror	An Eduuucation in Terror
Pictures of Us	Picture of Us
Leave No Trace	Leave No TTTrace
An Education in Terror	An Educatiiion in Terror
Can I ask you a favor?	Can I ask you a favr?
I thought I was dreaming	I thought I was dreammming
Realm of Death	Realm of Deah
Monsters In The Closet	Monster In The Closet
It's the little things.	It's the littllle things
Hot August Night	Hot August Niggght
The Future Is Here	The Futurrre Is Here
Till Death Do Us Part	Till Deaaath Do Us Part
Are you dreaming?	Are you dreamin?
She wasn't there	She wasn't tere
The Monster In The Closet...	The Monter In The Closet
My lovely Rose.	My lllovely Rose
I only drink apple juice	I only drink appe juice
Waiting for a train	Waiting for a tain
Eat Your Vegetables (The Joker Challenge)	Eat Your Vegetttables (The Joker Challenge)
I've never seen her smile	I've never seen her sile
Just... listen. Please?	Just listen Pleeease?
One Simple Question	One Simpllle Question
The Camping Trip	The Cmping Trip
The Bird Woman	The Bird Womn
The Bedtime Ritual	The Bedtime Rital
Come Closer, Please.	Come Closer, Pease
Tail Lights In The Rear View	Tail Lghts In The Rear View
Dreams Without Frontiers	Deams Without Frontiers
Seven Minutes in Heaven	Seven Minutesss in Heaven
The Devil Tree	The Devl Tree
Sometimes God grants a wish	Sometimes God granttts a wish
The air-conditioned nightmare	The air-ccconditioned nightmare
Don't forget the milk!	Don't forget the mil!
i used to be scared	i used to be scaaared
Someone in the closet.	Someone in the close
Shape Up or Ship Out	Shaaape Up or Ship Out
KEEP HIM STABILIZED	KEEP HIM STAILIZED
Vagaries of a tired mind	Vgaries of a tired mind
My Daddy Loves Me	My Daddddy Loves Me
Relationships Are Hard Work	Rlationships Are Hard Work
Straight to Voicemail	SSStraight to Voicemail
Careful what you wish for.	Carefulll what you wish for
The Porcelain Mask	The Porcelainnn Mask
My three girls	My three girlsss
Why won't they leave me alone?	Why won't they leave me aloe?
Apples or Oranges	Aples or Oranges
Let's Go DEV-ILS	Let's Go DEVVV-ILS
Jenessa,the ultimate killer	Jenessa,the uuultimate killer
Looking Glass (with apologies to Lewis Carroll)	Looking Glass (with apologiesss to Lewis Carroll)
Not a Thing	Not a Ting
The second sin	The secon sin
The Ocean Whispers	The Oceeean Whispers
Authored By Proxy	Authored By Proy
Out in The Woods	Out in The Woodsss
Don't be afraid	Don't be araid
Practice Makes Perfect	Practice Makes Perect
(Terrifying/Scary/Shocking story) Little girl and the Devil.	(Terrifying/Scary/Shocking storyyy) Little girl and the Devil
Your Short Scary Stories on Reddit	Your Shooort Scary Stories on Reddit
My little sister Junne	My littttle sister Junne
It's All Green Lights	It's All Green Ligts
What an oversight.	What an oersight
The Monster Under the Bed	The Mnster Under the Bed
Ten Second Wait	Ten Secccond Wait
Hatred of Scary Movies	Hatreeed of Scary Movies
Closer Than Lovers	Closer Than Lvers
Not you! Anyone but you!!! [TRIGGER WARNING]	Not you! Anyone but you!!! [TRIGGER WARING]
Winning The Lottery	Winning The Lottey
the women in the rocking chair	the wommmen in the rocking chair
The Double Slit Experiment	The DDDouble Slit Experiment
That Thing in the Basement...	That Thinggg in the Basement
The Monster and the Mask	The Monnnster and the Mask
I Read It In The Paper	I Read It In The Pper
Middle of the road	Middddle of the road
The Double Slit Experiment	The Doubl Slit Experiment
The Shower Curtain	The Sower Curtain
The Light At The End Of The Tunnel	The Lighttt At The End Of The Tunnel
From The Cellar	From The Cellaaar
The Wrong Choice	The Wronggg Choice
Lights in the Dark	LLLights in the Dark
The Window Room	The Wndow Room
An Anonymous Confession	An Anonymous Conession
Kitamura Research Station	Kitamura Reseaaarch Station
I'm so tired	I'm so tireddd
For years, I've copied him.	For yeas, I've copied him
What is this “animal”	What is this “animalll”
Look in the mirror	Look in the mmmirror
I am a child.	I am a chid
That Old Saying	That Old Sying
We are not alone.	We are not aone
Banishing The Monster	Banishig The Monster
"Babe, come here. Look what's outside."	"Babe, come here Look what's outsiiide"
Privileges of the Audience	Privileeeges of the Audience
Jake, Baxter, and The Scarecrow	Jake, Baxter, and The Scaecrow
The Third Guest	The Thirddd Guest
Meet and Greet	Meet and Geet
My Waking Nightmare	My Waking Nigtmare
In The Woods	In The Woooods
I've never been camping since	I've never been campiiing since
The little things	The litle things
Your secret admirer.	Your secre admirer
Behind Closed Doors	Behind Closed Doooors
Phantom of the Opera	Phantom of the OOOpera
Primum non nocere	Primuuum non nocere
I'm Not Hungry Tonight	I'm Not Hungry Tnight
Only To My Surprise	Only To My SSSurprise
Sweet Little Child	Sweet Littllle Child
Summer is Over	Summeeer is Over
The Physicist's Mistake.	The Pysicist's Mistake
Echoes of time	EEEchoes of time
Maybe, Just Maybe	Maybe, Just MMMaybe
The So-Called 'Night Terrors.'	The So-Called 'Night Terrooors'
Come on, Eileen...	Come on, Eileeeen
Going To See Mommy	Going To See Momy
I was just playing on my phone.	I was just playing on my phoneee
Black Magic and Tattoos	Blak Magic and Tattoos
Hide and go seek. Alone.	Hide and go seek Aloe
The Perfect Family	The Perfect Famil
The African Bowana Spider	The Afrcan Bowana Spider
The Hotel Pool	The Hotelll Pool
The Water-Lily Pond (painting challenge)	The Water-LLLily Pond (painting challenge)
The phone rings.	The phooone rings
In the Blend	In the Blenddd
Death Returns to Conquer	DDDeath Returns to Conquer
The Lady and Her Shadow	The Lady and Her Shaow
The Hallway Mirror	The Hallway Miror
The Doctor's Sin	The Docto's Sin
What Happens Next?	What Happens Nex?
You are now aware of them.	You are now awaaare of them
Mr Marten's Visit	Mr Marten's VVVisit
The Monster Under The Bed.	The Monsttter Under The Bed
The decision wasn't hard.	The dddecision wasn't hard
Should Have Listened	Should Have Listeneeed
Voice of the Malevolent	Voice of the Malllevolent
The Price of Beauty	The PPPrice of Beauty
Becoming the Monster	Becoming the Mnster
The Remarkable Resurrection of Alice	The Rmarkable Resurrection of Alice
Company in the dark.	Companyyy in the dark
Outside My Window	Outsideee My Window
Homemade Girl Scout Cookies!	Homemmmade Girl Scout Cookies!
Lock the doors	Lock the dors
Once your favorite	Once your fvorite
We all get lonely	We all get lonellly
Monsters never leave	Monsttters never leave
Why am I ignored?	Why am I ignorrred?
If I Hadn't	If I Hdn't
Were you listening?	Were you listening
She just wants attention.	She just wants attttention
What a Strange Thing, this.	What a Strrrange Thing, this
[MOD] Call for Moderators!	[MOD] Call for Moderator!
Would you play?	Would you play???
Youth From Eternal Sadness	Yuth From Eternal Sadness
Four years later	Four yeaaars later
And Will Never Forget	And Will Never Forrrget
The Lonely Girl	The Lonel Girl
It's Just Not Fair!	It's Just Not Fair!!!
Looking for monsters	Looking for mnsters
The Woman In The Red Sundress	The Womn In The Red Sundress
It's Still Beautiful	It's Still Beautiffful
Olivia (X-post from /r/creepypasta)	Olivia (X-post from ///r/creepypasta)
Question for reddit	QQQuestion for reddit
The Demon In The Night	The Demon In The NNNight
What makes a hero?	What makes a hero???
Virtues of Torture	VVVirtues of Torture
Why I'm Scared	Why I'm SSScared
I'm sorry I logged into your email	I'm sorry I logged into your eail
The Greatest Show on Earth	The Gretest Show on Earth
To the Victors the Spoils	To the Victooors the Spoils
Waiting for Angels	Waiting for Angellls
Just Stand Still	Just Stand Sill
Sing me to Sleep	Sing me to Sleeeep
World of Warcraft	WWWorld of Warcraft
The Old House	The Old Houuuse
What Hides In The Dark	What Hdes In The Dark
My Brother is so Cool	My Brotherrr is so Cool
The Little Things	The Litle Things
The little things	The littllle things
Horton Hears a Who (Dr Seuss Challenge)	Horton Heas a Who (Dr Seuss Challenge)
The Cat In The Hat (Dr. Seuss Challange)	The Cat In The Hat (Dr Seuss Challnge)
Origin of Fear	Origiiin of Fear
Dennis the Menace	Dennis the MMMenace
I SEE DEAD PEOPLE	I SEE DEAD PEOPLLLE
Are You Thirsty?	Are You Thisty?
Musings of a Madman	Musingsss of a Madman
The Boogey Man	The Bogey Man
The Fountain of Youth	The Fountaiiin of Youth
The Fountain of Truth	The Fouuuntain of Truth
Portal To Eden	Porta To Eden
The forests of stone	The forestsss of stone
In our trust he hides	In our trut he hides
Oh, the places you'll go! (Dr Seuss Challenge)	Oh, the ppplaces you'll go! (Dr Seuss Challenge)
Vacation, new friends, and piggyback rides.	Vacatio, new friends, and piggyback rides
The Bridge on Colchester Road	The Bidge on Colchester Road
The Demon of Guilt	The Demon of Guilttt
Trouble With Being An Artist	Troubbble With Being An Artist
Someone's in My Bedroom	Someone's in My Bedoom
Babysitting on a cold, stormy night	Babysitting on a col, stormy night
While the baby's asleep	While the bab's asleep
The Hall Monitor	The Hall Mnitor
Funny Little Picture	Funy Little Picture
The Treat is a Trick	The Treat is a Tick
The Sides of my Bed	The Sdes of my Bed
Officer, we have a strange suicide case...	OOOfficer, we have a strange suicide case
As You May Have Suspected	As You May Have Suspeted
It's Just My Imagination	It's Just My Imaaagination
The Heart Beat	The Hearttt Beat
Schneider's Night Out	Schneider's NNNight Out
Signs Of Darkness To Come	Sigggns Of Darkness To Come
[MOD POST]. Some feedback, some issues, some stuff.	[MOD POST] Some fffeedback, some issues, some stuff
She Wore White	She Wore Whiteee
Where is Linny?	Where is LLLinny?
Museum of Death	Mussseum of Death
My Mother's Garden	My Mother's Garrrden
INSIDE THE COFFIN	INSIDE THE COFIN
My greatest fear.	My gretest fear
Care to chat?	Care to chat???
Little Girl In The Well	Littttle Girl In The Well
"Look Daddy, It's Me, Sally."	"Look Daddddy, It's Me, Sally"
Inevitable (for lack of a better title)	Inevitaaable (for lack of a better title)
Under the Sensor	Under the Snsor
My Happy Place	My Hppy Place
Jingle Jingle (xpost nosleep)	Jingle Jingle (xpost noslep)
In the depth it lies	In the depppth it lies
I Needed a Lower Grade	I Needed a LLLower Grade
Brand New Bed	Braaand New Bed
Let the flames begin.	Let the flame begin
An acquired taste	An acquired tase
In the darkness	In the drkness
The one who knocks.	The one who kocks
The woman in my bedroom	The wman in my bedroom
The Little Girl	The Litle Girl
Houses and Homes	HHHouses and Homes
The Death of Pharoah	The DDDeath of Pharoah
Stillness of the Water	Stiiillness of the Water
The Hospital Room	The HHHospital Room
They Always Forget The Pickles	They Always Forget The Picles
The Little Girl and the Little Boy	The Littl Girl and the Little Boy
The phone call.	The phoneee call
The Tooth Fairy	The Tooth Faiiiry
Queen For A Day	Queeeen For A Day
The Guilt Demon	The Guilttt Demon
Waking The Monster	Waking The Monstr
To Be Normal	To Be Norma
Eating Disorder (A)	Eating Disorer (A)
I Heard a Tapping Coming from the Closet	I Heard a Tapping Coming from the Close
The Limbs of the Soil	The LLLimbs of the Soil
But the voices, they won't stop!	But the voice, they won't stop!
Who Turned Out the Lights?	Who Turned Out the LLLights?
I have a confession to make.	I have a connnfession to make
Monster in the Closet	Mnster in the Closet
My Daughter Learned to Count	My Daughhhter Learned to Count
The Bitter Pill	The Bitteeer Pill
Back From Vacation	Back From Vcation